today we'll be showing you how to make
emails this house is perfect for those
who watch lighten and brighten your skin
as well as those people with acne this
product is especially easy to me because
it only has two medians and those
ingredients are metal community turmeric
powder which is an Indian power so does
children's to create a very beneficial
and great masters turmeric has so many
benefits both for your skin and just
overall health whether your pigmentation
discoloration or scars it is great for
those who want to lighten and brighten
your skin it is an amazing beauty aids
or any skin infection because of its
antiseptic and anti-inflammatory
properties so it is perfect to use on
any blemishes rashes cuts or wounds if
the treatment that has been proven to
fight against both acne and wrinkles as
you can see is an overall grade
ingredients that can be used by many
groups of people an interesting note is
that in countries such as India
Bangladesh and Pakistan turmeric was
used traditionally before wedding
ceremonies to give the bride at
beautiful globe
so like I mentioned before you only need
two ingredients immense turmeric powder
and milk and I have an empty bowl here
into which I will mix the turmeric
powder and the milk you're going to take
two teaspoons of the powder and put it
into the bowl and then you want to add
the milk you want to add mess milk to
create a mixture that is the consistency
of a lotion don't worry it won't be too
runny because we will use a compact
apply it and once you apply to your face
it thickens and starts to dry once you
miss enough milk into the mask it forms
a lotion like consistency which is
perfect for this mask and now we're
ready to apply it we apply this mask
with a cotton pad so just dip the cotton
pad in the turmeric mask and stupid
across your face I recommend that when
you're creating and applying this to
merck lotion you wear something that you
don't mind ruining because tumors can
permanently stained your clothing also
be aware that when you begin to remove
the mask for facebook here orange start
by removing the mass with water and then
once the mass is completely off you can
use a mild cleanser to wash off the
color don't worry it doesn't stain your
skin permanently
if you're still worried you can do a
small test patch also this pace is great
for spot treating instead of applying
into your entire face you can use a
q-tip to apply to any acne breakfast
Croatian you may have now that we look
like info we buzz it is time to wait 10
minutes and then we can wash it off so
I'll be back in a minute